girls it's time to wake up from your nap
now
girls dear mrs. krump we went on an
adventure love pillow what they can be
out there in this weather thank you for
coming in on such short notice
no problem dear girls you're gonna have
to stay here while I go and find your
friends mrs. cake will take good care of
you
but we want to go with you please can
you take us with you now no beers it's
far too dangerous mrs. krump's will be
back she's absolutely right I'll be back
as soon as possible
girl's bundles I'm gonna try to sled ah
oh that really hurt I really should have
asked someone to come along with me what
happily I'm sorry
hi how are you are you okay yes I'm fine
I'm crumbs and who are you I'm princess
on earth arendelle
I'm out here looking for my sister hey I
know you're looking for my girls I can't
believe we're both out here alone in
this cold weather what do you say we
keep each other company
sounds like a great idea let's go all
right
how you holding up crowns oh can we rest
sure I don't see why not
oh okay oh oh no oh no please don't fall
asleep try to stay awake I'm gonna wrap
you in my cape and we'll fly my sister's
castle here you're all wrapped up let's
go I'll push you ah we finally made it
we're here Queen awesome ice castle Oh
sir
Elsa calm down it's really important
and that's how the princess met her
prince no more girls I think it's time
that you guys go to bed Elsa
who's that I'll check for you Mike clean
be right back
oh hi honor
Olaf go and call my sister tell her it's
an emergency I have someone she needs to
help okay clean Shh
she's too busy entertaining our new
guests do those guests happen to be
little toddlers huh I never want to go
home I love green alpha oh no I better
have a talk with these girls girls do
your parents really know that you're
here no and it's not a pig it's our
teacher mrs. Cronk well I think she may
be outside with my sister so you girls
better come join me
oh I miss you what did you leave how sad
Elsa take a look at her we were stuck in
the snow and she just fainted
oh she's cold as ice and it looks like
she's freezing well what are we gonna do
you'd better take her inside until we
figure something out it's so cold
don't worry everything will be all right
special shoutouts to do what you love 13
22 and my kennel Lalaloopsy hi